---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---


    My group's work on the browser extension was a pretty good experience, mostly because of the group members and how open they were to communication and suggestions. We all had fun with our idea,
since it was pretty silly to begin with, and at first it was just going to be the one subway surfers video. But over time we thought it would be funny to go overboard and have the extension devolve into
less and less of a helpful "study tool." On the subject of myself, I learned that I work quite well with others as there was a good sense of collaboration held throughout the assignment, and my teammates
seemed to approve of my ideas/contributions. Speaking of which, my contributions involved meeting with the team to finalize creative choices such as the extension's usage/functions, adding to the "going overboard"
process by looking for more and more videos to add to the project, and contributing to the overall look with my input on a good icon for the extension, coloring, etc. As I was very new to the process of collaborating
on projects with git, and even using git in general, this project was a good learning experience. By learning from both of my teammates (who were very helpful with all of my questions and concerns), I learned how to use
this tool and also a thing or two about the css and html. This gives me a lot of confidence that I'll be able to contribute in greater ways in future projects. I loved all of the other presentations, with my favorite being
the presidential candidate project, just because how silly it was reminded me of our own.

